W-16185857 upgrade pdk gr (#611)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-upgrade-pdk.adoc

= Upgrading PDK

> ifndef::env-site,env-github[]

Reviewer: Do we need these attribute bits? I don't see them in most docs...

Author: All pages in Flex have them. So, I'm not 100% if we need them, but it does seem to be at least what we use.

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Flex Gateway Policy Development Kit (PDK) is composed of the following separate versioned components:

Reviewer: The [short description]([url](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/x/5LmeBw)) should cover what the topic is about, including user value.

* Anypoint CLI PDK plugin
* PDK Rust libraries
* Anypoint Cargo plugin

> When you create a new custom policy project, the PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin versions are the same as the Anypoint CLI PDK plugin used to create the project.

Reviewer: Is this topic about upgrading PDK or the custom policy project?

Author: Both?

I tried to make it make more sense in my edits.

> To upgrade a custom policy project created with an earlier version, you must upgrade your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin to the latest version. Then, you must modify the relevant files in your custom policy directory to upgrade the PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin.

Reviewer: Maybe this is the short description?

[[anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin]]
== Upgrade the Anypoint CLI PDK Plugin

> Your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin is used across all your PDK custom policies. When editing a custom policy created with an earlier plugin version, ensure your <<pdk-rust-libraries, PDK Rust libraries>> and <<anypoint-cargo-plugin, Anypoint Cargo plugin>> match your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin version.

Reviewer: Do you need the first sentence? It doesn't seem to add much.

To upgrade your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin to the latest version, execute the following command:

[source,ssh]
----
anypoint-cli-v4 plugins:install anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin
----

To verify your current plugin version, execute the following command:

[source,ssh]
----
anypoint-cli-v4 plugins
----

For example, the following PDK plugin version is `1.1.0`:

[source,ssh]
----
anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin 1.1.0
├─ anypoint-cli-command 1.5.2
│  └─ @oclif/plugin-help 5.1.12
└─ @oclif/plugin-version 1.0.4
----

[[pdk-rust-libraries]]
== Upgrade the PDK Rust Libraries

> The PDK library is the Rust Code library used by a specific custom policy. Different custom policy might use different PDK library versions.

Reviewer: Should this be "PDK Rust library" to match the heading?

> The PDK library is the Rust Code library used by a specific custom policy. Different custom policy might use different PDK library versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PDK library is the Rust Code library used by a specific custom policy. Different custom policies might use different PDK library versions.
```

> To upgrade the PDK RUST code libraries, modify the `pdk` `dependency` and `pdk-test` `dev-dependency` versions in the `cargo.toml` file of the custom policy. The `pdk` and `pdk-test` versions must match and your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin must support the specified version.

Reviewer: Should RUST be "Rust" or "RUST" consistently?

Should code be "Code" or "code" consistently?

> In the following example, both dependency versions are `1.0.0`. Modify it to your desired version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, both dependency versions are `1.0.0`. Modify it to your required version:
```

[source,toml]
----
[dependencies]
pdk = { version = "1.0.0", registry = "anypoint" }

[dev-dependencies]
pdk-test = { version = "1.0.0", registry = "anypoint" }
----

[[anypoint-cargo-plugin]]
== Upgrade the Anypoint Cargo Plugin

> The Anypoint Cargo plugin extends the functionality of Rust's package manager Cargo for use with the PDK Rust Libraries.

Reviewer: Avoid anthropomorphizing (with possessives).

Reviewer: Oh, Cargo is the Rust package manager....

Author: I adjusted this. I think any user this far along knows what Cargo is. It's a rust standard and is explained in the prereqs.

> The Anypoint Cargo plugin extends the functionality of Rust's package manager Cargo for use with the PDK Rust Libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anypoint Cargo plugin extends the functionality of Cargo, the Rust package manager, for use with the PDK Rust Libraries.
```

To upgrade your Anypoint Cargo plugin:

> . Open the `Makefile` of your custom policy.

Reviewer: Don't use the element name in this way. Either say "the `Makefile` file" or refer to it generically "the Makefile".

(LMK if this is unclear...)

Reviewer: See the Style Ref [guidance](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-UIelements:~:text=Do%20not%20use%20a%20UI%20label%20to%20replace%20normal%20sentence%20syntax%3A)

> . Find the `install-cargo-anypoint` target, for example:

Reviewer: (This is correct.)

+
----
install-cargo-anypoint:
	cargo install cargo-anypoint@1.0.0 --registry anypoint --config .cargo/config.toml
----

> . Modify the version after the `@` character with the desired version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Change the version after the `@` character to the required version.
```

> . Save the `Makefile`.

Reviewer: Same comment as line 71.

= Upgrading PDK
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Flex Gateway Policy Development Kit (PDK) is composed of the following separate versioned components that must each be updated to update a custom policy project:

Reviewer: What about something like this? 

To update a custom policy project, you must update each of these separately versioned Flex Gateway Policy Development Kit (PDK) components:

* Anypoint CLI PDK plugin
* PDK Rust libraries
* Anypoint Cargo plugin

> All your PDK custom policies on your device use the same Anypoint CLI PDK plugin. When you create a new custom policy project, the PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin versions are the same as the Anypoint CLI PDK plugin used to create the project. The PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin version of an individual custom policy project are unique from other policy projects. When you upgrade your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin, you must manually upgrade PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin to be compatible with your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin version.

Reviewer: I wonder if there's a way to streamline this - or put the important bit first. 

Can you lead with this:

> When you upgrade your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin, you must manually upgrade PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin to be compatible with your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin version.

And then give the rest as the "reason why"? 

Also, this phrase is duplicated: "the PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin version"
Any way to combine?

Maybe:
When you create a new custom policy project, the PDK Rust libraries and Anypoint Cargo plugin versions are the same as the Anypoint CLI PDK plugin used to create the project and are unique from other policy projects.

To upgrade the PDK Rust code libraries, modify the `pdk` `dependency` and `pdk-test` `dev-dependency` versions in the `cargo.toml` file of the custom policy. The `pdk` and `pdk-test` versions must match and your Anypoint CLI PDK plugin must support the specified version.

In the following example, both dependency versions are `1.0.0`. Modify it to your required version:

[source,toml]
----
[dependencies]
pdk = { version = "1.0.0", registry = "anypoint" }

[dev-dependencies]
pdk-test = { version = "1.0.0", registry = "anypoint" }
----

[[anypoint-cargo-plugin]]
== Upgrade the Anypoint Cargo Plugin

The Anypoint Cargo plugin extends the functionality of Cargo for use with the PDK Rust Libraries.

To upgrade your Anypoint Cargo plugin:

. Open the `Makefile` of your custom policy.
. Find the `install-cargo-anypoint` target, for example:
+
----
install-cargo-anypoint:
	cargo install cargo-anypoint@1.0.0 --registry anypoint --config .cargo/config.toml
----

. Change the version after the `@` character to the required version.
. Save the `Makefile`.
. Execute the `make setup` command:
+
[source,ssh]
----
make setup
----
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Does this build correctly? When I look at the preview, the Note text is in code font. Suggest removing the ---- as they're not necessary.

----
Executing the `make setup` command for a certain policy installs that policy's Anypoint Cargo plugin version.
----
. Execute the following command to verify the correct version is installed:

> [source,ssh]

Reviewer: You might need a `+` here to get proper indentation.
